Fix UG formatting (#254)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T11-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

How the `Logic` component works:

1. When `Logic` is called upon to execute a command, it is passed to an `ClassManagerParser` object which in turn creates a parser that matches the command (e.g., `DeleteCommandParser`) and uses it to parse the command.
2. This results in a `Command` object (more precisely, an object of one of its subclasses e.g., `DeleteCommand`) which is executed by the `LogicManager`.

> 3The command can communicate with the `Model` when it is executed (e.g. to delete a student).
> 4The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is returned from `Logic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The command can communicate with the `Model` when it is executed (e.g. to delete a student).
4. The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is returned from `Logic`.
```
